+++
title = "Moving from Nepal to the USA"
date = 2024-09-02
[taxonomies]
writings=["Transition"]
+++

Moving from Nepal to the USA has been a huge change in my life. Everything felt
new and different as soon as I arrived. From the busy streets to my new school,
I’m starting a fresh chapter in a new country.


## Background
After finishing high school, I decided to get my bachelor’s degree in the US.
My visa interview on April 25 went well, and I was thrilled to get the
approval. Before I left, I enjoyed relaxing with my office friends and family.

On August 19, the day of my departure, I felt overwhelmed with many emotions.
My parents were there to say goodbye, and we were all in tears. It was my first
flight, and leaving my parents to start a new life in a foreign country felt
both exciting and scary. The idea of facing this journey without their
immediate support was daunting, and finding my own way felt both thrilling and
a bit frightening.

## The flight
The flight was mostly smooth. After the five-hour trip from Nepal, I had a
layover in Doha. The airport there is huge, and it’s easy to get lost. I made a
new friend on the flight, which made the trip better.

I had a small issue with security. I had to go through a security check twice
with my carry-on bag, which had just my laptop and a few essentials. I was a
bit nervous, but I managed to handle it with some humor.

## The City

The flight from Doha to Miami was great. The lights and pictures of Doha were
amazing.

I landed in Miami around 11 AM, after clearing immigration. The weather here is
nice, and the city is a lot of fun, especially if you like its lively
atmosphere.

<img alt="we" src="/images/nepal-usa/river.mp4" style="width: 15rem; height: 20rem; object-fit: cover;"/>

<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; gap: 1rem; justify-content: center;">
    <img alt="patan" src="/images/nepal-usa/me.jpeg" style="width: 15rem; height: 20rem; object-fit: cover;"/>
    <img alt="nix-mac" src="/images/nepal-usa/friends.jpeg" style="width: 15rem; height: 20rem; object-fit: cover;"/>
</div>

<img alt="patan" src="/images/nepal-usa/river.jpeg" style="width: 15rem; height: 20rem; object-fit: cover;"/>


## The Next Move
I have college friends here with me, but I really miss my parents. I also miss
the weather, culture, and everyday life in Nepal. My next step is to become
stronger and more adaptable so I can handle whatever comes my way and fit in
better in my new environment.

See you around!
